<p>Charred horse meat is terrible. Doesn&rsquo;t taste good, the texture feels wrong and rubbery and I&rsquo;m pretty sure it leaves a bad aftertaste in your mouth. Unfortunately, as the ugly brown monstrosity before me and my Master bellow in anger and reveal a red glow coming from the darkness in its gaping mouth - reflecting the blood red sun, the image of being cooked in this cracked wasteland was slowly becoming an invading animal in my mind. Twisting out of the direction of the monster mouth, the momentum threw my Master the opposite direction causing him to lose grip of the spear and land in a painful position on the dry ground. The spear lodged deep in the creature nose was wedged deeper by the action penetrating the roof of the beast mouth to the bottom jaw gluing the mouth shut, preventing the release of flames. Screams by the chained princess jolted the clumsy knight into action while I check my hooves for injures. Luckily, there was none. Turning, I could see my master drawing his sword and circling the enraged dragon with determination and arrogance. Chances where he was good as dead. Meaning that I would be free to do whatever I wanted, where I wanted to go with no one but myself. Seem like a good deal - except for the princess chained to the pillar near the pitch- black cave. If I turned my back on her, defenceless, chances would result that she would be devoured. Something like that could leave a guilty conscience and ruined any chance of experiencing the happiness and joy of freedom. So, with the enthusiasm of a deflated sloth, I rushed into the battle.</p>
<p>Important lesson to be learnt here, a dragon skull is thick and rough. This protects the dragon most valuable organ from people trying to destroy it. Having physical contract with a dragon head can leave someone (or something.) in pain for a while in the affected area. The exact situation happened as Master foolishly swung in a downward action on top of the dragon skull, resulting with him thrown back by the recoil and clutching his left hand in pain. Leaving me with the task of distracting the beast before it decided to end Master &lsquo;s life. Snorting wildly and neighing, I ran circles around the giant while staying just about out of it attacking range, making the monster angrier and violent; reaching out with claws and its spiked tail. The trapped screams of the princess left vibrations in the tense air, surrounding us.</p>
<p>&nbsp;&ldquo;Help! Help! Save me from this terrible beast!&rdquo; Her high &ndash; pitched voice was getting on my nerves. Maybe leaving the hopeless animals wasn&rsquo;t a bad idea after all. Suddenly the release of a battle cry came toward us in the shape of Master, his sword glinting in his right hand and charging toward us on the lifeless battleground. This sort of bravado is exactly the reason why these two &ndash; legged animals die left, right and centre every day. Seeing the dragon&rsquo;s head turn in the Master direction, I took the opportunity to kick up some dust in the dragon right eye. Blind for a few precious minutes, the dragon moved to its right and reached out blindly reaching for me with bloodlust in its clear eye. Backing out of the fight, I saw the Master using the sword in a stabbing motion (Learnt his lesson from last time.) at the distracted dragon &lsquo;s neck, apparently renew with strength from the screams of the princess and piercing the leathery brown skin of the beast. Blue blood from the throat of the dragon exploded and covered the scorched environment, including the Master, who by then slowly back away as he witnesses the dragon violently moving as if something inside it was biting and slashing. Slowly, the bleeding dragon lay down; its quiet breathing and painful shudders beginning to quieten. Something about this scene was disturbing as well as upsetting. After a while, the dragon stopped breathing, its eyes closed and it lifeless body camouflaging with the dark brown ground. It seems that my Master managed to complete the task. The sinless beast was dead.</p>
<p>&ldquo;Thank you, Hero! Hooray! The awful monster and been slain!&rdquo; The clear night was filled with cheers from the people - echoing through the kingdom, spreading it infectious happiness to the towns and villages making them celebrate too. Resting in the stables, I wondered again what the taste of freedom felt like and how close I was to drowning in the sweet water. Hopefully the next task will bring that chance to come again, granting me the ability to leave the detestable Master and his selfish, one - minded personality. The killing of the dragon left a sad impact on me; a simple animal that looked like it was minding his own business who horrific appearance terrified the hairless animals that which in turn made them create lies and wrongly worship it, eventually leading to the very same hairless animals to get the help of others to kill it. A sinless beast. However, the rescuing of the princess brought a small feeling of joy to my heart as it reminded me of the joining of a lost cub to its parent. Fortunately, the celebrations don&rsquo;t last long and the kingdom is quiet, leaving a sense of peace and enjoyment in the still air. I lay my head on the soft hay and slowly close my eyes, wondering whether I would eventually get the peace and enjoyment I deserve. Seconds later, I drift off to a dreamless sleep.</p>